Shangshang Fat Tiger
Are you sure you want to do it with me?
Do you know who is behind me?
Lin Yuxuan yes
It's Chen Hao I want to get rid of.
Chen Hao
Don't think that if you are greedy for the Black Tiger Group, no one will dare to move
Lin Shao let you die
You must die today
It turns out that you are not kind to adulterers
How dare you scold me here when you are dying
I'll give you a taste of life rather than death later
Help sister-in-law
There is Lin Shao to support us
Gotta shut them up today
Just want to deal with
Yes, I can go head-to-head with you.
No, Chen Liang
He is Hu Bao's 18th master
A large ring knife
Shooting the entire underground world of Linhai City
Impossible to hit him
Why don't I have to come down and fight?
To fulfill you
You blocked my mom
No no